docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing Guide

If your interested in helping out with this project, please read the following guide before submitting a pull request. If you require clarification, please open an issue and ask.

## Changes Compatibility

This project tries to be relatively stable and I prefer to not introduce breaking changes unless absolutely necessary. If you are submitting a pull request that introduces a breaking change, please open an issue first to discuss the change.

In general, try to do one of the following instead of introducing a breaking change:

1. Mark properties `[Obsolete]` with an explination why before it's removed in a future release. Don't remove properties without warning.
1. If changing parameters of methods, add new method that overloads the existing method, and mark the old method `[Obsolete]`. If possible, attempt to re-map the old method to the new method.
1. If a service is removed from the API, without warning, increment the version of the package to reflect the breaking change.

## Adding Services

Services are linked to a sub-section of the Klaviyo API documentation. When adding a new service, all the methods provided on the service should be added. If a method is not yet implemented, it should be marked `[Obsolete]` with a message indicating that it is not yet implemented and should just throw a `NotImplementedException()`.

## Adding Models

Models should map to an object in the Klaviyo API. All properties should be nullable to prevent a default value being sent to the API.

## Adding Tests

All services **MUST** be added with tests. The tests should attempt to call all parts of the code that have been written. Multiple tests may need to be written for some methods to test different code paths. Tests are written in xUnit and should be added to the `Klaviyo.Tests` project.

## Testing Changes

Changes should be able to be tested locally. To test your changes, you will need to copy the `.env.template` file to `.env` and fill in the values. You can then run the tests in your code editor.

Commit message:

Change to using appsettings.local.json for configuration

docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing Guide

If your interested in helping out with this project, please read the following guide before submitting a pull request. If you require clarification, please open an issue and ask.

## Changes Compatibility

This project tries to be relatively stable and I prefer to not introduce breaking changes unless absolutely necessary. If you are submitting a pull request that introduces a breaking change, please open an issue first to discuss the change.

In general, try to do one of the following instead of introducing a breaking change:

1. Mark properties `[Obsolete]` with an explination why before it's removed in a future release. Don't remove properties without warning.
1. If changing parameters of methods, add new method that overloads the existing method, and mark the old method `[Obsolete]`. If possible, attempt to re-map the old method to the new method.
1. If a service is removed from the API, without warning, increment the version of the package to reflect the breaking change.

## Adding Services

Services are linked to a sub-section of the Klaviyo API documentation. When adding a new service, all the methods provided on the service should be added. If a method is not yet implemented, it should be marked `[Obsolete]` with a message indicating that it is not yet implemented and should just throw a `NotImplementedException()`.

## Adding Models

Models should map to an object in the Klaviyo API. All properties should be nullable to prevent a default value being sent to the API.

## Adding Tests

All services **MUST** be added with tests. The tests should attempt to call all parts of the code that have been written. Multiple tests may need to be written for some methods to test different code paths. Tests are written in xUnit and should be added to the `Klaviyo.Tests` project.

## Testing Changes

Changes should be able to be tested locally. To test your changes, you will need to copy the `appsettings.template.json` file to `appsettings.local.json` and fill in the values. You can then run the tests in your code editor. You can also provide the settings by setting the following environment variables:

- `KLAVIYO_APIKEY` - Private API key beginning with pk_
- `KLAVIYO_COMPANYID` - 6 character company ID
